So if you're following the previous video,
we deployed to Netlify and we have a static backend,
or a static build of this website.
Which still employs JavaScript in the client side
to do some of the navigation.
And when we click through to some of the talks,
we're getting an error, and actually I'd already put
the description of the bug in the text,
it failed to fetch on the client side.
If we open up the dev tools, and have a look at the errors
that were in the console, I can actually see,
there's the problem, no access control headers,
and it's because the request was not a cors request.
The real URLs worked,
but navigating using the fetch API was failing.
So I have to update the server to support cors headers,
but also in the fetch request I need to add the part
that makes a request with the origin,
and we need to add in mode to the fetch request,
if it's on the same origin, not a problem.
In this particular example, I'm deploying to Netlify,
and I'm pointing the API to a different endpoint.
Netlify have things like cloud function,
so you could technically, include, deploy those,
and have those as kind of your endpoint,
and you wouldn't need to use cors.
In this instance I'm pointing to
a environment var called API,
if I cap my env, e-n-v file, the API is now,
next workshop, dash, now, which is basically a copy
of this entire website, it's just to show you
if I put the API somewhere else it will work.
So I'm just gonna add that change,
I'm gonna push that to GitHub, which then hits Netlify,
and Netlify should pick up
that there's a new deploy coming in,
and now it's doing the export and it should generate
those list of exports that we defined.
And remember we didn't actually
do all of them at this point,
and now it's ready, so just go over and grab that URL,
take a look, now it should work as we expect,
so let's go back to Jenn's talk,
Oh, you know what?
The environment var was wrong.
So it's currently building and I had to
change this environment variable
that I had coded straight into the project
and the build settings.
So it's currently building right now.
It's doing NPM instal.
And once the build is complete it should be
back up on that URL.
Let's give it a look.
Refresh.
Final test.
There you go, works.
And that was the loading in.
Nice.
Cool.
So that is Netlify with
a kind of static, partial backend.
In theory if you really wanted to make
this pure static website you could
kind of strip out all the JavaScript,
but kind of, that's pretty bad at all
to be building static websites,
but you could theoretically
strip out all the JavaScript and deploy Netlify
and the whole thing would just be static.
No JavaScript enabled.
So that is deployment.
And we will look at a few other options in future videos.